document that Rook data will be migrated to MinIO+Longhorn when appropriate (#517)
replicatedhq/kurl.sh: src/markdown-pages/add-ons/longhorn.md

```

To enable the UI without re-running the installer, use the command `kubectl -n longhorn-system scale deployment longhorn-ui --replicas=1`.

## Migration from Rook

> If Rook was previously installed but no longer specified in the kURL spec, Longhorn 1.1.2+ will migrate data from Rook PVCs to Longhorn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Rook was previously installed but is no longer specified in the kURL spec and Longhorn 1.1.2+ is specified instead, Longhorn will migrate data from Rook PVCs to Longhorn.
```
Mention that Longhorn is specified in its place, not just that Rook isn't specified.

This will involve stopping all pods mounting Rook PVCs while the migration takes place.

> If Minio is also installed and completes its migration process, Rook will be removed to free up resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If MinIO is also specified in the new kURL spec and completes its migration process successfully, Rook will be removed to free up resources.
```
